1- Narnia
Sinopse - Don’t miss one of America’s top 100 most-loved novels, selected by PBS’s The Great American Read.

A beautiful paperback edition of The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, book two in the classic fantasy series The Chronicles of Narnia. This edition features cover art by three-time Caldecott Medal-winning illustrator David Wiesner and interior black-and-white illustrations by the series' original illustrator, Pauline Baynes.

Four adventurous siblings—Peter, Susan, Edmund, and Lucy Pevensie—step through a wardrobe door and into the land of Narnia, a land frozen in eternal winter and enslaved by the power of the White Witch. But when almost all hope is lost, the return of the Great Lion, Aslan, signals a great change . . . and a great sacrifice.

Open the door and enter a new world! The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe is the second book in C. S. Lewis's classic fantasy series, which has been captivating readers of all ages with a magical land and unforgettable characters for over sixty years.

This is a stand-alone read, but if you would like to discover more about Narnia, pick up The Horse and His Boy, the third book in The Chronicles of Narnia.


2 - The Lord of the Rings
Sinopse - The first volume in J.R.R. Tolkien's epic adventure THE LORD OF THE RINGS
 
One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them

In ancient times the Rings of Power were crafted by the Elven-smiths, and Sauron, the Dark Lord, forged the One Ring, filling it with his own power so that he could rule all others. But the One Ring was taken from him, and though he sought it throughout Middle-earth, it remained lost to him. After many ages it fell into the hands of Bilbo Baggins, as told in The Hobbit. In a sleepy village in the Shire, young Frodo Baggins finds himself faced with an immense task, as his elderly cousin Bilbo entrusts the Ring to his care. Frodo must leave his home and make a perilous journey across Middle-earth to the Cracks of Doom, there to destroy the Ring and foil the Dark Lord in his evil purpose.

“A unique, wholly realized other world, evoked from deep in the well of Time, massively detailed, absorbingly entertaining, profound in meaning.” – New York Times


3- The Hobbit
Sinopse - A great modern classic and the prelude to The Lord of the Rings.
 
Bilbo Baggins is a hobbit who enjoys a comfortable, unambitious life, rarely traveling any farther than his pantry or cellar. But his contentment is disturbed when the wizard Gandalf and a company of dwarves arrive on his doorstep one day to whisk him away on an adventure. They have launched a plot to raid the treasure hoard guarded by Smaug the Magnificent, a large and very dangerous dragon. Bilbo reluctantly joins their quest, unaware that on his journey to the Lonely Mountain he will encounter both a magic ring and a frightening creature known as Gollum.

“A glorious account of a magnificent adventure, filled with suspense and seasoned with a quiet humor that is irresistible . . . All those, young or old, who love a fine adventurous tale, beautifully told, will take The Hobbit to their hearts.” – New York Times Book Review

4- Dragoes de Eter vol. 1 - Cacadores de Bruxa
Sinopse - Nova Ether e um mundo protegido por poderosos avatares em forma de fadas-amazonas. Um dia, porem, cansadas das falhas dos seres racionais, algumas delas se voltam contra as antigas racas. E assim nasce a Era Antiga. Essa influencia e esse temor sobre a humanidade so tem fim quando Primo Branford, o filho de um moleiro, reune o que sao hoje os herois mais conhecidos do mundo e lidera a historica e violenta Cacada de Bruxas. Primo Branford e hoje o Rei de Arzallum, e por 20 anos saboreia, satisfeito, a Paz. Nos ultimos anos, entretanto, coisas estranhas comecam a acontecer...

Uma menina ve a propria avo ser devorada por um lobo marcado com magia negra. Dois irmaos comem estilhacos de vidro como se fossem passas silvestres e bebem agua barrenta como se fosse suco, envolvidos pela magia escura de uma antiga bruxa canibal. O navio do mercenario mais sanguinario do mundo, o mesmo que acreditavam ja estar morto e esquecido, retorna dos mares com um obscuro e ainda pior sucessor. E duas sociedades criminosas entram em guerra, dando inicio a uma intriga que ira mexer em profundos e tristes misterios da familia real.E mudara o mundo.

5 - Prince of Thorns
Sinopse - BOOK ONE IN THE BROKEN EMPIRE TRILOGY

“Prince of Thorns deserves attention as the work of an iconoclast who seems determined to turn that familiar thing, Medievalesque Fantasy Trilogy, entirely on its head.”—Locus 

When he was nine, he watched as his mother and brother were killed before him. By the time he was thirteen, he was the leader of a band of bloodthirsty thugs. By fifteen, he intends to be king...

It’s time for Prince Honorous Jorg Ancrath to return to the castle he turned his back on, to take what’s rightfully his. Since the day he hung pinned on the thorns of a briar patch and watched Count Renar’s men slaughter his mother and young brother, Jorg has been driven to vent his rage. Life and death are no more than a game to him—and he has nothing left to lose.

But treachery awaits him in his father’s castle. Treachery and dark magic. No matter how fierce his will, can one young man conquer enemies with power beyond his imagining?

6- Star Wars: The Last of the Jedi: The Desperate Mission
Sinopse - The Empire has risen. The Jedi Order has been destroyed. As far as the Emperor is concerned, the Jedi are all but extinct. But on the remote planet of Tatooine, one Jedi Master remains: Obi-Wan Kenobi. Devastated by the loss of his fellow Jedi - and th betrayal of his former apprentice Anakin - Obi-Wan has been left with one last task: to watch over and protect a young child named Luke. When Obi-Wan finds out that a former Jedi apprentice has survived, he must make a painful decision: whether to stay on Tatooine or go on one last, desperate mission - right into the heart of the Empire.